adds reveal.nvim (#76)
phaazon/this-week-in-neovim-contents: contents/2022/Oct/24.md

## [New plugins](#new-plugins) {#new-plugins}

<h3 id="new-reveal.nvim">
  <a href="#new-reveal.nvim">
    <span class="icon-text">
      <span class="icon">
        <i class="fa-solid fa-book"></i>
      </span>
      <span>reveal.nvim</span>
    </span>
  </a>
</h3>

> reveal.nvim is a very experimental plugin that let user use vifm inside nvim through vifm's lua api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`reveal.nvim` is a very experimental plugin that lets users use `vifm` inside Neovim through `vifm`'s lua API.
```

> By [@haolian9].

Reviewer: Please add the link at the bottom on the document. It doesn’t get generated automatically.
